update maintenance docs for bird (#1662)
cybozu/neco-containers: maintenance.md

![Regular Update](./regular_update.svg)

1. Check the latest version on the [download page](https://bird.network.cz/?download) of the official website.

> 2. Check the [NEWS file](https://gitlab.nic.cz/labs/bird/-/blob/v3.1.2/NEWS) in the official GitLab repository at the specified version tag for release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check the https://gitlab.nic.cz/labs/bird/-/blob/vX.Y.Z/NEWS in the official GitLab repository at the specified version tag for release notes.
```

Please make a non-specific version in this line.
